Hahahahaahahha
Haahaahaa..
Hahahah.... One or two, one or two.
Hahah
Uh....Uh...
Macaron? like,Macaron?
So instead of macaron, he said, alright, macaron? Make him Russian. Macarov
That's real! Uzbekistan?
Uzb- Uzbekistan? U-Z-B-E-K-I-S-T-A-N?
That is a real country. That's a real country.
in central asia. my dad lived there
Hahaha....My dad lived, like I went there for college.
They did have a ,there was a, they're real,dude. Macarov?
Yeah weird. Real right?
War is inherently political.
War is inhe-
But they take a side
But they still take the American side in the global scope.
they might not be US political but as far as the global perspective goes it's still
Yeah.
If you wanna talk like an a, political game, there's like, (***)
Like all those sort of like paradox interactive games.
I mean, even then, there's still like some degrees.
Like it's there's like a certain way to por-portray driven violence,
If one like side ,they might accidentally pandering to
If one side rejects it, which one side does do.
So some people who want America to get cooked
Wait, Keller? Like, Helen?
Haahaahaa..
Hahaaha....Okay, so
Wait, (***) name
What do you mean you forgot the plot? You said it was your favorite game.
But you forgot the one thing you played it.
okay
What? They firebombed it. You took what is (***)
It's still world history.
Lon- London did get firebombed in real life.
Wait, was it called? Rozi-